hi this is Brad lender with lilla
feuding and we're here at the NEC
section at the CES show 2012 and this
year's are showing off the cloud
communicator dual screen android tablet
we first got to look at this about a
year ago at CES but it's going a long
way since then in terms of the software
support android doesn't natively take
advantage of a to screen setup like this
but there are now some applications and
this device is available in japan and
some software developers have come up
with apps so for instance we're looking
at this is a presentation application
and if you can show me how it works with
the two screens working together
so in the in the top screen we can
actually view the document in the bottom
screen when we can type notes or do
other informations this is useful in
business and education you said
Oh
hi
jumping to each page so I'm also move to
that other pages this is representative
in the likes III didn't know sometime
but I see the other screens also by
being a member and then other
applications will actually run across
both screen so I saw yeah you had like a
file browser that was on both screens
yes sir yeah we've all moved to the
brazo we got a witness to the mall if we
are some scientists like the keyboard no
also we are you are three moles
so sorry yes but yes very useful for
that that's really nice watching or
something yeah and can you run separate
applications like one application yeah
this is a movie presentation this side
is each other's me write down the
sentence is we are told that Carol yeah
very useful something candle here but
looking see the service is easy on the
sunny for the concern now if I wanted to
say run you know a web browser in this
window and a video in this window could
I do that yeah each application we are
executed to application independent re
its bata certain software developer need
a modification we are released to the
software firm investigate with
initiatives to the software vendors some
modification of taza your tool
application it depends on the execute ok
yeah and so this is the version again
that's available in Japan right now and
then I guess later this year you're
gonna make it yeah yeah you're going to
make it thinner and lighter and android
4.0 and a TI OMAP for processor and
dual core processor so this is the
version that we may see internationally
sometime later this year maybe this
summer summer season we need this robot
man